Retrieve File from Endpoint - Generic V2 Test - Replacing a deprecated integration (#25054)
demisto/content: Packs/Carbon_Black_Enterprise_Response/ReleaseNotes/2_1_29.md

#### Playbooks

##### Get the binary file from Carbon Black by its MD5 hash

> - Updated the test to use **VMware Carbon Black EDR v2**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the playbook to use **VMware Carbon Black EDR v2**.
```

> - Updated the VMware Carbon Black EDR integration with version 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the test to use **VMware Carbon Black EDR v2**.
```
